Alright. So, Korea.
One of uh to
What was the best like you had there?
Like, a dish. Yeah.
What was the most like, like show like nah, nah, nah,
impressive or memorable?
Oh.
Really?
Oh, wow.
And you were able to, you were able to um eat by yourself there?
Yeah? Did you do any like meetups when you were there? Did you meet up with anybody?
Friends? Oh, okay. Oh, okay, pretty nice.
Hmm. Really cool. That's awesome.
Yeah.
yeah
By taxi. Dang, how much was that?
Isn't it crazy like how cheap taxes are in Korea?
I taxi all the time when I go there and I'm always surprised I was like
It's only this much? Like I'm worried for like the, the driver or something?
How can you make the living out of that? Yeah.
Yeah, anyway.
Did you do any shopping while you were there?
Oh, yeah.
Yes. Songsu is good.
Songsu is like the trendy place. That's where all like the
trending clothes and everything on. So Songsu is a good one like
Maybe um uh Hongdae? Hongdae is a good
place they also like
um like if you go to Dongdaemun that's where the... did you go to Dongdaemun?
Did you peek? Yeah. Yeah. There's like a lot of clothing stores around there.
um Namdaemun also has like a
impressive but for young people I think it's more like...
Songsu. Songsu is a great
Really like the aesthetic, they have a lot of pop-ups. It's like one of the most like...
you know. like, young young people place. Yeah. So, Songsu.
Oh, so you peek? Gangnam?
Where'd you stay?
Cappuccino. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
mmh
Oh.
Very nice.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, mmm-hmm. Very rare rare.
Where um
Is it like a nam? Is it like a Ginza? You could see it?
yeah when I went there for the first time I was like oh my gosh this is Ginza with like hungers
It was like, for real? right? Yeah.
Yeah, definitely.
You should go and do some skincare next time too.
Make a vlog of it.
Soonsu. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
mmh
Oh, nice. Wow.
Oh was it? How much was it do you remember?
Wow! What was that? What did you do?
Oh my God.
mmh, mmh, mmh, mmh.
Uh...
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I see.
So like a, like a legit facial, okay.
Yeah, I see. I'm talking about like
treatments like lasers and like, yeah. Like
You should do that. It's not as expensive as the thing you just said.
Because, but it's like, like really like medical treatment.
Yeah. And It's so much cheaper in Korea.
yeah and there's so many places the anal, the analysis thing.
They actually do it for you, like as a part of...
Like It's like complimentary. Yeah. So they do that for you. And then like
They do things like... like uh like
Uh they have this one called Veggie Run.
It's, it's like PDR. It was a salmon.
extract and it's supposed to re-energize like your collagen production.
But it hurts like no other, like
You get like these embossing circles.
And then they say it's like the most painful.
procedure out of everything. The most painful.
It is so painful. I've tried it once. It's so painful, but...
A week later, like your skin looks like...
Like, baby fresh. It's crazy.